# 项目简介

# 框架原理

# 实验结果


This system mainly includes three core contents: positioning and navigation, path planning and path tracking. In the navigation module, RTK high-precision positioning algorithm based on carrier phase difference model is designed on the strong correlation of space. The smooth positioning results are solved by kalman filtering algorithm, and then the ambiguity of carrier phase is obtained by using the least square ambiguity reduction correlation (MLAMBDA) algorithm.Then the centimeter-level positioning is finally achieved. Secondly, GPS dual antennas are used to construct ultra-short baseline. The attitude measurement algorithm based on single frequency, single frequency and ultra-short baseline are designed to achieve accurate attitude measurement and provide stable navigation information for cruise cars. The path planning module adopts the classic A* path planning algorithm to automatically obtain the global optimal path of the golf course by establishing the raster environment model of the golf course and manually inputting the starting and ending points by the user. Path tracking module uses the pure tracing algorithm. Firstly, we calculate the forward apparent distance of the cruise car by planning path information and RTK positioning results. Then we combine GPS attitude measuring information to calculate the deviation of heading angle. Lastly, we make the angle feedback to the control unit, the vehicle's wheels vehicle bottom control module performs wheel Angle information to make the vehicle approaching a predefined path. At the same time, the navigation and positioning results map of real-time display in GUI interface, so that users see in real time.
